DRINK-RECIPE-APP-2

Summary

    This application is the result of Flat Iron Phase ONE project completion. This was part of a software
    engineering full time course and was built within the first 4 weeks of starting date.

    IN this CLI application, the user gets to recieve the recipes from over 600 drinks and obtain over
    400 ingredients to make the most popular drinks in the world. 

    The application starts off by allowing the user to select from the top 10 cocktails from around the
    globe. If they would rather choose by spirits, the user is allowed to do so, then sleect from a
    list of drink names to return the information about the specific drink they have choosen.

    In all instances, the following is returned for the user after all selections have been made:
        1. Glass type to put their drink in (traditionally).
        2. The ingredients needed to make the selected drink.
        3. The ammount of ingredients needed for thier drink. 
        4. The instructions on how to make the drink into what it should be.

    There is always an option for the user to exit the program, as well as to select anpother after they receive their recipe from the first selection.

Running the application

    There are a few 'gems' that are required to successfully run this application. 
            'httparty'
        
        The gems are included and required. `bundle install` to execute their installation

        To start the application, type: 'bin/run' into the terminal. Sha-Bang is included inside the run file, ruby command is not required.

Versioning 1.0.0

    As this is a school project. Once the project has been submitted, no further development will be completed. The version on this application is stagnant.


Authors

    Amoungst the aid and support of my cohort, the aurthor of this program is:
        James Hyatt

        Special thanks to my instructor Annabel Willmerding, my classmates and the people responsible for Flat Iron Schools.

License

    This project is licensed under the CC0 1.0 Universal Creative Commons License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

